Link to .NET Upgrade Assistant from MAUI migration doc (#344)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/get-started/migrate.md

The process for migrating a Xamarin.Forms app to .NET MAUI is expected to be:

> 1. Use the [.NET Upgrade Assistant](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/upgrade-assistant) for .NET MAUI to migrate your Xamarin.Forms projects to .NET MAUI single project, and perform well-known code namespace changes.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the [.NET Upgrade Assistant](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-overview) for .NET MAUI to migrate your Xamarin.Forms projects to .NET MAUI single project, and perform well-known code namespace changes.
```

> 1. Use the [.NET Upgrade Assistant](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-overview) for .NET MAUI to migrate your Xamarin.Forms projects to .NET MAUI single project, and perform well-known code namespace changes.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use the [.NET Upgrade Assistant](/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-overview) for .NET MAUI to migrate your Xamarin.Forms projects to .NET MAUI single project, and perform well-known code namespace changes.
```
